Steinberg ASIO SDK Licensing
Agreement
(Version ”2.3.3 – 02.02.2019”)
between
Steinberg Media Technologies GmbH
Represented by Mr. Andreas Stelling, MD
Beim Strohhause 31
20097 Hamburg GERMANY
- hereinafter ‘Steinberg’ -

and

Represented by:
Address:
City, zip code:
Country:

- hereinafter ‘Licensee’ §1
OBJECT OF THE AGREEMENT
1.

The object of this agreement consists of the Steinberg ASIO (Audio Stream I/O)
Software Development Kit version 2.3, respectively any preview version of this Kit,
comprising of documentation, example code, and several ASIO examples. These
are described hereinafter as the "Licensed Software Developer Kit".

2.

Any previous Steinberg ASIO SDK Licensing Agreement between Licensee and
Steinberg is replaced by this agreement.

3.

In case a preview or beta version of the Licensed Software Developer Kit is
provided, the Licensee is allowed to use the Licensed Software Developer Kit solely
for internal evaluations. Any publishing, distribution or transfer to a third party is not
permitted.

4.

Steinberg is the holder of all copyrights, rights of ownership, and other rights
concerning the Licensed Software Developer Kit.

5.

The Licensed Software Developer Kit contains information about
 how to develop an ASIO Driver, and



how to extend an application so that it can host ASIO Drivers, that
are developed under the ASIO Specification, either by Steinberg or
any Third-Parties.
Currently the Licensed Software Developer Kit is running on the following computer
platforms:
- Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8 (32 and 64bit)

§2
GRANTING OF RIGHTS
1.

Steinberg hereby grants to the Licensee a non-exclusive, worldwide, nontransferable
license during the term of this agreement to use the Licensed Software Developer Kit and
ASIO Interface Technology solely:
a) for the development of ASIO Drivers and/or of a software application
that can host ASIO Drivers (herein ASIO Driver Compliant Products)
and/or hardware products,
b) publish, sell or otherwise distribute any ASIO Driver Compliant Product
that are using parts or all of the Licensed Software Developer Kit and/or
hardware products that were developed using the Licensed Software
Developer Kit and/or are compatible with the Licensed Software
Developer Kit (herein ASIO Compliant Hardware Products) under his own
brand name.

2.

In case the Licensee receives a preview or beta version of the Licensed Software
Developer Kit, the Licensee is not allowed to publish any ASIO Driver
Compliant Product and/or ASIO Compliant Hardware Products to the public using such
preview or beta Software Developer Kit. The Licensee is only allowed to publish a
ASIO Driver Compliant Product and/or ASIO Compliant Hardware Products to the public
based on a Licensed Software Developer Kit which is not declared as a preview or
beta version by Steinberg.

3.

The Licensee will not sell, license, give-away and/or distribute the Licensed Software
Developer Kit or parts of it for the use as software developer kit in any way, for
example, integrated in any framework application, on any medium, including the
Internet, to any other person, including sub-licensors of the Licensee or companies
where the Licensee has any involvement. This includes re-working any part of the
SDK or ASIO specification, or reverse-engineering any part of the SDK or any products
based upon.

4.

In case the Licensed Software Developer Kit is modified, it shall not be published,
sold or distributed without agreement of Steinberg. Furthermore, the naming of the
Licensed Software Developer Kit shall not include “ASIO 2.3 SDK” or any combination
containing the ASIO brand without permission of Steinberg.

5.

In case the Licensed Software Developer Kit is extended by additional code, it
shall not be used in any other description than “(Licensees company name) extension
to the Steinberg ASIO 2.3 SDK”.

6.

The Licensee recognizes the value of the goodwill associated with the mark
A S I O a n d ASIO Technology and acknowledges that such goodwill exclusively
belongs to the benefit of Steinberg and belongs to Steinberg.

7.

If the Licensee is developing, selling otherwise distributing an ASIO Driver Compliant

Product and/or ASIO Compliant Hardware Products, that is using or based on parts or all
of the Licensed Software Developer Kit, and this product is not published, sold or
otherwise distributed under his own name but will be published, sold or otherwise
distributed under the name of a third party, this third party has to agree i n w r i t i n g
to be bound by t h i s ASIO SDK Licensing Agreement. Licensee warrants that the third
party completely complies with all provisions of t h i s ASIO SDK Licensing Agreement
and will upon Steinberg’s request provide the written consent of the third party to be bound
to all provisions of this this ASIO SDK Licensing Agreement. If the third party is not in
accordance with a n y o f these conditions, the third party is not allowed to
distribute this product which is using parts or all of the Licensed Software Developer Kit.
8.

If the Licensee is planning to publish, sell or otherwise distribute a ASIO Driver
Compliant Product and/or ASIO Compliant Hardware Product, under the name of a third
party, that is using parts or all of the Licensed Software Developer Kit, the
Licensee is under the obligation to send the signed ‘Steinberg ASIO SDK Licensing
Agreement’ signed by the third party to Steinberg, either by mail, or by fax.

9.

The provisions of the § 2.7. and § 2.8. above shall not apply as long as the third party is a
subsidiary of the Licensee fully controlled by the Licensee. Licensee guarantees that any
subsidiary of Licensee controlled by Licensee that uses parts or all of the Licensed
Software Developer Kit or developing, selling or otherwise distributing a ASIO Driver
Compliant Product and/or ASIO Compliant Hardware Products complies with all regulations
of this agreement. Further, Licensee guarantees regarding any subsidiary of licensee
controlled by licensee that uses parts or all of the Licensed Software Developer Kit
or developing, selling or otherwise distributing an ASIO Driver Compliant Product and/or
ASIO Compliant Hardware Products, before releasing the subsidiary from licensee’s full
control, to acquire full information, documentation and declaration according to §3.1.k and
to provide such acquired information, documentation and declaration upon Steinberg’s
request according to § 3.1.k together with Licensee’s documentation and declaration to
any trademark office or court where any proceeding related to the validity of an ASIO
trademark is pending or any proceeding for which the use of any ASIO trademark is
relevant.

§3
COPYRIGHTS NOTICE AND USE OF
TRADEMARKS
1.

If the Licensee is publishing, selling or distributing a ASIO Driver Compliant Product
and/or ASIO Compliant Hardware Products the Licensee shall be under an obligation to
refer to Steinberg’s copyrights and trademarks in the following way:
a) In case that the Licensee is publishing, selling or otherwise distributing ASIO Driver
Compliant Product in or with a tangible form, e.g. on CD or with a printed activation
code, (herein “boxed product”), and/or in case of ASIO Compliant Hardware Products the
Licensee shall display in a visible manner the display “ASIO” and Steinberg’s copyrights
notice or the ASIO compatible Logo and Steinberg’s copyrights notice on the packages
and if no package is used on the tangible form or ASIO Compliant Hardware Products.
b) In case the ASIO Driver Compliant Product is published, soled or otherwise distributed
without a tangible form (e.g. download), the Licensee shall display “ASIO” and
Steinberg’s copyrights notice or the ASIO compatible Logo and Steinberg’s copyrights
notice in
• an About Box and/or
• Startup-/Splashscreen and/or
• all documentations while at least one of such documentations must always
be provided in bundled form with the ASIO Driver Compliant Product when

the ASIO Driver Compliant Product is published, sold or otherwise
distributed.

c) In any case the Licensee shall include

the ASIO compatible Logo and Steinberg’s copyrights notice on any legal
or imprint website concerning (among others) at least one website
regarding (among others) at least one ASIO Compliant Hardware Product
and/or ASIO Driver Compliant

Steinberg’s copyrights notice or the ASIO compatible Logo and
Steinberg’s copyrights notice on any document, package, website,
advertisement, offer or publication that mentions “ASIO”

“ASIO” and Steinberg’s copyrights notice or the ASIO compatible Logo and
Steinberg’s copyrights notice in
advertisings as is commercially
reasonable; It is e.g. commercially reasonable where space is usually
sufficiently available, in product brochures, on websites offering a
product, e.g. for download or sale and always if any other third party
trademark is displayed or mentioned while it is in most cases not
commercially reasonable in small advertisements like internet banners or
on promotional items.





“ASIO” and Steinberg’s copyrights notice or the ASIO compatible Logo
and Steinberg’s copyrights notice in all documentation and specification,
regardless of the media used, such as e.g. manuals or data sheets,
“ASIO” and Steinberg’s copyrights notice or the ASIO compatible Logo
and Steinberg’s copyrights notice on any product website regarding
(among others) at least one ASIO Compliant Hardware Product and/or ASIO
Driver Compliant at least one time for every product website, while
“ASIO”, ASIO compatible Logo and/or Steinberg’s copyrights notice might
be displayed only on a subpage to the product page linked to the product
page and while such sub page might be a specification page
if an About Box or a Startup-/Splashscreen exists that includes any
reference to any third party or third party’s right, “ASIO” and Steinberg’s
copyrights notice or the ASIO compatible Logo and Steinberg’s
copyrights notice in every About Box or every Startup-/Splashscreen

d) Steinberg's copyrights notice is: ”ASIO is a trademark and software of Steinberg
Media Technologies GmbH”
e) The ASIO compatible Logo artwork and usage guidelines are part of the "Licensed
Software Developer Kit" and are supplied by Steinberg in digital format. Licensee
will only use the ASIO compatible logo as defined in the ASIO compatible Logo
artwork and usage guidelines and comply with the usage guidelines for the use of
the ASIO compatible Logo as supplied by Steinberg and attached hereto as Annex
to this Agreement.
f) The Licensee warrants that it will not use Steinberg’s ASIO trademarks (meaning
any Steinberg trademarks containing “ASIO”) or “ASIO” with or without additions like
in “ASIOi” on promotional merchandise, with the exception of demo versions of any
of his product.
g) The Licensee warrants that it will not use Steinberg’s ASIO trademarks, “ASIO” or
ASIO Technology on, or in connection with products obscene, pornographic,
excessively violent or otherwise in poor taste.
h) The Licensee warrants that it will not use Steinberg’s ASIO trademarks, “ASIO”, with
or without additions or the ASIO compatible Logo on or in connection with any
product that is not compatible with Steinberg’s ASIO technology.

i) The Licensee is allowed to add to any product name of products that are compatible
with Steinberg’s ASIO technology or making use of Licensed Software Developer Kit
“ASIO compatible, “for ASIO”, “compatible with ASIO” or similar in any language as
long ASIO is set in regular type and not graphically illustrated and Steinberg's
copyrights notice ”ASIO is a trademark and software of Steinberg Media
Technologies GmbH” is shown.
j) Licensee warrants not to use “ASIO”, with or without additions like in “ASIOi”, in any
other form than specified above, especially not include it in a firm or product name
related to or similar to audio, music and/or software.
k) During the duration of this agreement Licensee will document its use of Steinberg’s
ASIO trademarks in an extend and form suitable to prove the genuine use of ASIO
in each country and territory where Licensee uses ASIO or any ASIO trademark
under his own name broken down by countries, years and products and upon
Steinberg’s request during the duration of the agreement or up to one year after the
end of this agreement provide such documentation swiftly together with a signed
declaration explaining the form and extend of Licensee’s use of ASIO to any
trademark office or court where any proceeding related to the validity of a ASIO
trademark is pending or any proceeding for which the use of any ASIO trademark is
relevant. As long as Licensee’s ASIO Driver Compliant Products and Licensee’s
ASIO Compliant Hardware Products including such under prior Steinberg ASIO SDK
Licensing Agreement all together are used by less than 1000 persons and if less
than 500 items of ASIO Compliant Hardware Products of Licensee exist Licensee is
not under the obligation of §3.1.k.
l) To the extent described above and conditional to the above Steinberg grants a
revocable non-exclusive license to use Steinberg’s ASIO trademarks to the
Licensee.
§4
FEES AND ROYALTIES
This license is non-royalty bearing and the Licensee shall not be obligated to pay
to Steinberg any fees or royalties with respect to the ASIO Interface Technology.
§5
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
1.

Subject to the provisions in the following sub-sections, Steinberg shall only be
liable, irrespective of the legal grounds, for damages caused by the intentional or
grossly negligent conduct of Steinberg, its legal representatives, managerial
employees or any other vicarious agents. In the case of damage caused by the
grossly negligent conduct of any other vicarious agents, the liability shall be limited to
those damages which must typically be expected within the scope of an agreement
such as the present one. Any further liability other than as permitted under this
agreement shall be excluded.

2.

Any liability of Steinberg for damages arising from violation of life, body and health, from
the assumption of a guarantee or from a procurement risk as well as Steinberg's
liability for damages pursuant to the Product Liability Act (Produkthaftungsgesetz)
shall remain unaffected.

3.

To the extent the liability of Steinberg is excluded pursuant to the subsections of these
provisions, this shall also apply to the benefit of Steinberg's employees in the event
the Licensee files any claims directly against them.

§6
PRODUCT WARRANTY
1.

Steinberg licences the ASIO Interface Technology on an "AS IS" basis.
Steinberg makes no warranties, express or implied, including without limitation
the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose,
regarding the ASIO Interface Technology or operation and use in combination with
the Licensee’s program. Neither the Licensee, its employees, agents or Distributors
have any right to make any other representation, warranty or promise with respect to
the ASIO Interface Technology.

2.

In no event shall Steinberg be liable for incidental, indirect or consequential damages
arising from the use, or distribution of the ASIO Interface Technology by the Licensee,
whether theory of contract, product liability or otherwise.
All claims for indemnification for losses by the Licensee itself or by third parties shall be
excluded.

3.

Steinberg may in its sole discretion discontinue the distribution of the current
ASIO Driver SDK and/or release improved versions of the Licensed Software
Developer Kit but offers no commitment whatsoever those releases will occur at
anytime or for anybody.

§7
INFRINGEMENT
1.

Steinberg represents and warrants that, as of the date of this Agreement, it is not aware
of any claim or action alleging that ASIO, the ASIO Interface Technology, or the content
of the Licensed Software Developer Kit infringes any third party intellectual
property right.

2.

Steinberg, however, disclaims any obligation of defense or indemnify of the Licensee
or its customer with respect to any such claim or action, or otherwise arising out of
this agreement. Steinberg shall have no liability arising out of any such actual or
alleged intellectual property infringement.

3.

The Licensee, however, shall promptly notify Steinberg, in writing, of each such
infringement claim of which the Licensee becomes aware. Steinberg may defend
the Licensee against such claims. In such case, the Licensee is obligated to duly
support Steinberg’s defense.
§8
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE TWO PARTIES

1. Nothing stated in this Agreement will be construed as creating the relationships of joint
ventures, partners, principal, agent or whatsoever. The Licensee shall not be entitled to
represent Steinberg or to make statements on its behalf.

§9
TERM AND TERMINATION
4.

The Agreement shall run for an unlimited period.

5.

Steinberg is entitled to terminate this agreement with a 36 months written notice. For the
validity of the termination it shall be sufficient that Steinberg sends the termination to the
last known email address of the Licensee.
Steinberg is entitled to terminate this agreement with a 36 months written notice if
Steinbergs offers a new, e.g. amended, ASIO Plug-In SDK Licensing Agreement. For the
validity of the termination it shall be sufficient that Steinberg sends the termination to the
last known email address of the Licensee.

6.

If the Licensee is in breach of any material obligations set out in this agreement and does
not cure such breach by Steinberg’s demand within 14 days, Steinberg shall be entitled
to terminate this agreement immediately. In such a case, this license and all the rights
granted to the Licensee herein shall immediately cease.

7.

In case that Steinberg publishes a new version of the Software Developer Kit subject to a
separate licensing agreement, Steinberg is entitled to terminate this Agreement and any
foregoing ASIO Driver SDK Licensing Agreement regarding previous versions of the
ASIO Driver SDK with a 36 months written notice. For the validity of the termination it
shall be sufficient that Steinberg sends the termination to the last known email address of
the Licensee. On Licensee’s request Steinberg will allow the continued use of the SDK
licensed by this agreement within all versions of ASIO Driver Compliant Product
and/or ASIO Compliant Hardware Products released by licensee prior to Steinberg’s notice
of termination. Licensee’s request has to include the ASIO Driver Compliant Product
and/or ASIO Compliant Hardware Products names, details and version numbers and their
release date and documentation showing the release prior to Steinberg’s notice.

8.

The right to extraordinary termination for good cause shall remain unaffected.

§ 10
FINAL PROVISIONS
1.

The Licensee declares himself to be in agreement with the use of any personal
data obtained through this licensing relationship by Steinberg for its own company
purposes, and for the purposes of its Company Group, within the meaning of the
relevant Data Protection laws.

2.

This Agreement is the complete and exclusive understanding between the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof. Amendments, supplements and notices of
termination of this Agreement must be made in writing. The rescission of this
Agreement or an alteration to the requirement of the written form must also be made in
writing.

3.

If any one stipulation of this Agreement should be or become invalid, completely or
in part, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining stipulations. The invalid
stipulations shall be deemed to be replaced with a valid regulation which comes
as closely as commercially desired possible to the purpose originally intended for
the ineffective provision; the same shall apply in the case or a contractual gap.

4.

Any and all prior ASIO Driver SDK agreements between Steinberg and the
Licensee regarding previous ASIO Driver SDK versions shall be automatically
terminated by signing this Agreement.

5.

This Agreement and the interpretation thereof shall be exclusively subject to the laws
of the Federal Republic of Germany excluding, however, its conflicts of law provisions
and without the application of the UN Convention on the Sale of Goods (CISG). Place
of jurisdiction for all disputes is Hamburg. In addition, each party can bring an action
against the other party at the general place of jurisdiction of the other party.

6.

This Agreement does not require a specific form (e.g. recording by a notary).

Steinberg Media Technologies GmbH

By:

..........................................

Title

Managing Director

Date executed

..........................................

Printed Signature

Mr. Andreas Stelling

- Licensee –
....................................................................................

Title:
Signature :

Date executed

- Licensee -

Technical Contact

Name:
Address:
Phone:
Email:

